=== SOURCE: ismar_posters.html ===
Attend Code of Conduct Registration DEIA Grant Visual Identity Venue Accommodation Travel & Transportation Visa Information Travel to Bari Getting Around Bari Useful Information Explore Bari & Puglia Visit Bari Visit Puglia Things to Do Gastronomy Contribute Call for Papers Call for Posters Call for Doctoral Consortium Call for Demos Call for Tutorials Call for Student Volunteers Call for Workshops Call for Pitch Your Lab Guidelines Author Guidelines Writing a Good Ismar Paper Reviewing Guidelines Paper Submission FAQ Program Overview Keynote Speakers Papers Posters Panels Workshops Tutorials Demos Doctoral Consortium Future Faculty Forum Women@ISMAR Speed Mentorhip Resources Slide Template Poster Templates Social Media Templates Conference Logo and Illustrations Video Presentation Guidelines Sponsorship Committee Organizing Committee Standardization Committee Steering Committee Past Conferences Call for Posters Last updated: 2026-05-28 10:30AM CET Overview 25th IEEE International Symposium on Mixed and Augmented Reality (ISMAR), and premier international venue for augmented reality (AR), mixed reality (MR), and virtual reality (VR) research, will be held on October 5-9, 2026.  ISMAR 2026 seeks poster submissions that describe recently completed work, highly relevant results of work in progress, or successful systems and applications in all areas related to AR, MR, VR, and 3D user interfaces. Presenting a poster is a great way to get feedback on work that has not yet been published and could be extended to a larger paper in the future. Important Deadlines June 25, 2026: Title, categories, total pages, 100-word abstract, and all authors’ information due June 30, 2026: Poster paper submission and optional material submission due July 30, 2026: Notification of results August 5, 2026: Camera-ready material and copyright submission via IEEE CPS (to be published in the conference’s abstract and workshop proceedings) and PCS (poster paper, video, teaser image, and other additional materials) Each deadline is 23:59:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth) == GMT/UTC-12:00 on the stated day, irrespective of the submitter’s location. Submission Guidelines We welcome 2-4-page poster paper submissions (with references) . Note that ISMAR distinguishes between posters 2 PAGES OR LESS and posters that are 3-4 PAGES long. According to ISMAR, 2-page or less poster papers are non-archival, and 3-4-page poster papers are archival. Please see Archival vs Non-Archival for more details. Submissions need to be anonymized. Poster papers (written abstract papers) and supplemental materials must not contain information that identifies the authors, their institutions, funding sources, or their places of work. Relevant previous work by the authors must be cited in the third person to preserve anonymity. Failure to adhere to this policy will result in desk rejection. Submissions to the poster track must be written in English and properly formatted. It should include an abstract with a maximum of 100 words, a concise description of the idea, the results of findings, supporting imagery and figures, and a discussion of the contribution of the work in the selected area of work. A full literature review is not expected, although relevant key citations should be included. All submissions must be made electronically via the Precision Conference System (PCS) website . The submission must be prepared in the IEEE Computer Society VGTC Conference format and submitted as a PDF. Check this link (https://www.ieeeismar.net/2026/call-for-papers/) to get the idea of the VGTC format’s visual look. All authors must be listed in the correct order, along with their full affiliations, in the “Authors” field of the submission form. Please note that changes to this information cannot be made after submission. To ensure an anonymous review process, the author’s information will remain hidden from reviewers. Authors who use the Word template must ensure that their PDF submission matches the format. All accepted Posters and supplemental materials will appear in the adjunct proceedings of the IEEE ISMAR 2026 Conference. Supplemental Materials (Optional) Authors may include supplementary materials with the submission. Supplemental material can include videos, proofs, code, experimental data, appendices, audio files, and other files that supplement the paper. These materials will be included in the conference proceedings and archived in the IEEE Digital Library. A pointer to the supplemental material should be included in the main poster paper. Supplemental material may not be used to extend page limits; the paper itself must completely describe the research and results. Videos. Authors are encouraged to submit videos to help reviewers assess their submissions. Videos should not exceed two minutes. When submitted as supporting material, videos must be free of any identifying information prior to reviewing as per the double-blind submission policy. Authors submitting a video can optionally provide a text description/transcript for accessibility. Videos should be playable with standard software on PCs, Macs, and Linux machines. If the reviewers cannot play the video, it may reduce the chances of the submission being accepted. Be submitted prior to the deadlines listed in the Call for Posters Be related to the ISMAR topics of interest listed in the Call for Posters Comply with all ISMAR 2026 policies Not be under review by any other venue during ISMAR’s reviewing period, and not be previously published or accepted for publication elsewhere, including publications previously appearing in languages other than English Acknowledge all Generative AI use and explicitly state the extent of use in preparing the document All submissions describing research experiments with human participants must follow the appropriate ethical guidelines as imposed by your affiliation, and authors are required to secure and report their approval by the relevant ethics commission, if applicable. If no approval was acquired, the reason should be explained in the submission. Approval from any ethical review board must be indicated in the submission system. Submissions must also state whether informed consent from participants was obtained or explain why it was not. Poster Review Process Submissions will be reviewed using a juried process, during which each poster will be read and evaluated by two double-blinded reviewers. If reviewers do not reach an agreement, the final decisions will be made collectively by the Poster Chairs. Authors will receive reviews of their submissions that explain the decision and provide feedback.
The possible outcomes of this review process are: Desk rejection due to violations of the IEEE ISMAR submission policies Rejection Conditional Acceptance Acceptance Authors of accepted posters are expected to address any recommendations and conditions of acceptance prior to the final submission of camera-ready materials. This will be verified by the primary reviewer or poster chairs. Presentation Format Accepted poster papers will be presented during the conference. The standard format for poster presentations is in-person. During the poster session, at least one author must be physically present at their poster to discuss their work with other attendees. However, in exceptional cases (such as difficulties attending in person due to funding, visa, or health issues), we offer the option to present posters in a video-only format (without hardcopy posters), provided there is at least one full conference registration. More detailed information will follow after the notification deadline. Please feel informed, that we may also ask for additional material, such as a 30sec teaser video for advertisement during the conference. Archival Vs. Non-archival Note that ISMAR distinguishes between posters 2 PAGES OR LESS and posters that are 3-4 pages long. According to ISMAR, 2-page or less poster papers are non-archival, and 3-4-page poster papers are archival. This means that authors of 2-page poster papers can resubmit longer versions of the same work, with more detail, at later IEEE VR or ISMAR conferences or in the TVCG journal. Posters of 3-4 pages can be considered for resubmission based on the requirements of the IEEE VR and ISMAR conference call for papers. It means that Paper Chairs (Journal and Conference) of later IEEE VR and IEEE ISMAR may request a full explanation of the relationship between the submitted paper and prior work. Authors may also upload a non-anonymous letter of explanation that highlights the significant changes or advances. However, we cannot guarantee that ISMAR’s archival or non-archival perspective will be acceptable to venues outside IEEE ISMAR and IEEE VR. Therefore, we encourage the authors to contact the appropriate person at the publication venues before submitting a detailed version of the ISMAR accepted poster paper. Note that all accepted Posters will appear in the adjunct proceedings of the IEEE ISMAR 2026 Conference, continuing the highly successful legacy of IEEE Xplore Digital Library papers. Generative AI Use Policy and Plagiarism In accordance with IEEE guidelines (https://open.ieee.org/author-guidelines-for-artificial-intelligence-ai-generated-text/) , the use of content generated by artificial intelligence (AI) in an article (including but not limited to text, figures, images, and code) shall be disclosed in the acknowledgments section of any article submitted to an IEEE publication. The AI system used shall be identified, and specific sections of the article that use AI-generated content shall be identified and accompanied by a brief explanation regarding the level at which the AI system was used to generate the content. Submissions will be checked for plagiarism using IEEE CrossCheck. Detection of significant plagiarism will lead to rejection. For more information about definitions of plagiarism and IEEE policies in this area, Please see the IEEE Plagiarism FAQ and the IEEE Publication Services and Products Board Operations Manual for more information. Best Poster Awards The best poster award(s) will recognize the most outstanding poster contributions. It will be based on (1) the significance of the research contributions described in the submitted poster paper, as well as (2) the clarity, creativity, and design. Awards will not be selected by the Poster Chairs but by a committee of highly regarded individuals in our field. These awards will be noted in the program and presented with a signed certificate. Topics of Interest Authors must select two of the following topic categories that best aligns with their poster’s subject matter. This selection is important because the presentations will be organized by topic, and these categories group similar topics under broader themes, ensuring a coherent and focused discussion. We emphasise that a strong and explicit connection to AR, MR, and/or VR is essential for submissions. Interaction and Interfaces (e.g., 3D Interaction, Multimodal Input and Interaction, Gestures and Interactions, Interface Design Issues, Intelligent Interface) Visualization and Rendering (e.g., Rendering and Displays, Visual Rendering, Immersive Visualization, Free Viewpoint Image Generation) Haptic Feedback (e.g., Haptics, Touch, Tangible and Gesture Interfaces, Haptics and Vibrotactile) Perception and Cognition (e.g., Perception and Cognition, Multimodal Perception and Experience, Depth and Distance Perception, Visual Perception) Collaboration, Virtual Humans, and Social Applications (e.g., Collaboration, Social Applications, Social Interactions, Virtual Humans and Avatars, Virtual Humans and Agents, Speech Interfaces, Teleoperation, Telepresence, Telexistence) User Experience, Presence, and Ergonomics (e.g., Evaluating Immersion, UX and Interaction, Experiences, Cybersickness and Presence, Plausibility, Presence and Social VR, Ergonomic Design Considerations, Human Factors in User Interaction) Training and Education (e.g., Training and Learning, Education Applications, Training and Virtual Humans, Healthcare, Medical Applications) Locomotion, Navigation, and Redirection (e.g., Locomotion and Redirection, Perception in Navigation, Locomotion and Redirection, Redirected Walking) Ethical, Psychological, and Social Aspects (e.g., Ethics in VR, Psycho-and Sociocultural Dimensions of Virtual Identities, Cognition and Psychology, Technology Acceptance, and Social Implications, Diversity and Inclusivity Issues) Replication (e.g., Experimental Replication, Rendering Replication, Custom-made Display Replication, Algorithm Replication) Miscellaneous Topics (This category serves as a space for diverse and unique research topics that may not clearly align with the other identified thematic area) Code of Conduct ISMAR 2026 upholds an inclusive, respectful, and supportive community for all participants. We have introduced a new Code of Conduct that defines the professional and ethical standards expected at the conference and in all related activities. By submitting a poster abstract to ISMAR 2026, authors acknowledge and agree to abide by this Code of Conduct. Adherence to these principles is required for participation in the review, publication, and presentation processes. The full Code of Conduct is available on the ISMAR 2026 website. Contacts For more information, please contact the Poster Chairs Mohammed Safayet Arefin ‒ Colorado State University, USA Andrea Bönsch ‒ RWTH Aachen University, Germany Cassidy R. Nelson – University of Utah, USA Francesco Ferrise ‒ Polytechnic University of Milan, Italy at the following address: posters2026@ieeeismar.net IEEE ISMAR 2026 | Bari, Italy | October 5-9, 2026

=== SOURCE: ismar_call-for-workshops.html ===
Attend Code of Conduct Registration DEIA Grant Visual Identity Venue Accommodation Travel & Transportation Visa Information Travel to Bari Getting Around Bari Useful Information Explore Bari & Puglia Visit Bari Visit Puglia Things to Do Gastronomy Contribute Call for Papers Call for Posters Call for Doctoral Consortium Call for Demos Call for Tutorials Call for Student Volunteers Call for Workshops Call for Pitch Your Lab Guidelines Author Guidelines Writing a Good Ismar Paper Reviewing Guidelines Paper Submission FAQ Program Overview Keynote Speakers Papers Posters Panels Workshops Tutorials Demos Doctoral Consortium Future Faculty Forum Women@ISMAR Speed Mentorhip Resources Slide Template Poster Templates Social Media Templates Conference Logo and Illustrations Video Presentation Guidelines Sponsorship Committee Organizing Committee Standardization Committee Steering Committee Past Conferences Call for Workshops Last updated: 2026-04-13 07:00AM CET The IEEE ISMAR 2026 organizing committee invites proposals for workshops to be held in conjunction with the ISMAR conference. The workshops will be scheduled on October 5th (Monday) and October 6th (Tuesday) and can be conducted in person, online, or in hybrid mode, in alignment with the ISMAR conference. ISMAR workshops provide a platform for presenting novel work, work in progress, and position papers. The workshops bring together researchers, developers, technology providers, practitioners, and users for an in-depth and interactive discussion of important/emerging issues in augmented, mixed, and virtual reality through an informal yet thought-provoking exchange of ideas and information. We encourage workshops that go beyond the “mini-conferences” format of organization and promote interactive discussions among presenters and participants.
The workshops may target a specific application area, research area, or topic of general interest to the ISMAR community. The scope of the workshop should align with the ISMAR 2026 Topics of Interest. We envision the workshops as launch pads to propel the ISMAR community forward in specific research directions, to build a sub-community around shared research interests, and to bridge ISMAR with other research communities. In line with the overall conference format, we strongly encourage and will prioritize workshop proposals that focus on on-site or hybrid participation. For on-site and hybrid workshops, at least one workshop organizer must be physically present on-site to ensure smooth execution and coordination. Virtual-only workshops will only be considered if there are available spots. Furthermore, all presenters are required to attend and present on-site. Workshop proposals must be submitted before May 22nd, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Friday). The committee will review the workshop proposals and notify the organizing team of acceptance by June 5th, 2026. Important Dates Workshop proposal deadline: May 22nd, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Friday) Workshop acceptance notification: June 5th, 2026 (Friday) Workshop calls for participation issued by: June 19th, 2026 (Friday) Workshop acceptance notification to participants issued by: July 17th, 2026 (Friday) Camera-ready materials: July 31st, 2026 (Friday) ISMAR workshops may be organized in different formats. We encourage a format that involves interactions and discussions beyond a “mini-conference” format (i.e., a series of paper presentations followed by Q&A).  The workshop, for example, can be organized in a seminar style, where attendees are invited to participate in the discussion of the papers in the workshop actively.  Organizers may include, for example, break-out sessions, hands-on sessions, curated panels, or pro-contra discussions of reading lists. Workshops may also be organized as a combination of multiple formats. The organizers should clearly explain the proposed format of their workshop in the proposal. Pubblication Options Workshop organizers can choose one of two options regarding publication: (1) The workshop’s papers will be published in ISMAR 2026 Adjunct proceedings and IEEE Xplore (accepted papers should be formatted using the IEEE Computer Society VGTC conference format and will be subject to the registration and publication processing policy of ISMAR 2026), or (2) The workshop’s papers will not be published but will be distributed as supplemental material along with the ISMAR 2026 proceedings, as a part of the conference material. Submission Guidelines for Workshop Proposals Workshop submissions can be uploaded here: ISMAR 2026 Workshop Proposal Submission The proposal should be submitted as a single PDF document containing: Title of the workshop Preferred date for the workshop October 5th (Monday) October 6th (Tuesday) no preference Presentation mode Online Physically in Bari Hybrid Format of the workshop (including a rudimentary agenda). Organizers (having two organizers for a workshop is the minimum requirement): Names. Affiliations. Research interest. Short bio. Potential program committee members. Audience: approximate the expected number of participants and submissions (range) Call for participation document. A template for workshop proposals is available (here .docx) , (here .pdf) Organizers (a minimum of two organizers per workshop) are expected to be proactive in the field where they propose a workshop. Potential workshop organizers should also note that at least one workshop organizer is required to attend the workshop they proposed, either in person or online, depending on the workshop format. Any change to the workshop organization team must be submitted in writing at least two weeks before the workshop paper deadline. No changes to the workshop organization team can be made after this date to ensure that potential participants submitting papers to workshops are aware of the final organization team. Workshop Organization The workshop organizers are responsible for setting up an online reviewing system, as well as managing the paper submissions and reviews for their respective workshops.  Note that no PCS or similar system will be provided for the workshops. Workshop organizers will be expected to issue their calls for participation no later than June 19th, 2026 (Friday) and to issue any acceptance decisions to their participants no later than July 17th, 2026 (Friday) to allow sufficient time for travel planning and advance registration to the conference. All camera-ready material for the proceedings should be collected by July 31st, 2026 (Friday). Contact Information If you have any questions about this call, please contact: workshoptutorials2026@ismar.net IEEE ISMAR 2026 | Bari, Italy | October 5-9, 2026

=== SOURCE: ismar_call-for-demos.html ===
Attend Code of Conduct Registration DEIA Grant Visual Identity Venue Accommodation Travel & Transportation Visa Information Travel to Bari Getting Around Bari Useful Information Explore Bari & Puglia Visit Bari Visit Puglia Things to Do Gastronomy Contribute Call for Papers Call for Posters Call for Doctoral Consortium Call for Demos Call for Tutorials Call for Student Volunteers Call for Workshops Call for Pitch Your Lab Guidelines Author Guidelines Writing a Good Ismar Paper Reviewing Guidelines Paper Submission FAQ Program Overview Keynote Speakers Papers Posters Panels Workshops Tutorials Demos Doctoral Consortium Future Faculty Forum Women@ISMAR Speed Mentorhip Resources Slide Template Poster Templates Social Media Templates Conference Logo and Illustrations Video Presentation Guidelines Sponsorship Committee Organizing Committee Standardization Committee Steering Committee Past Conferences Call for Demos Last updated: 2026-07-15 02:00PM CET Overview The Demonstration Track of ISMAR 2026 invites contributions showcasing working prototypes, interactive systems, enabling technologies, and designed XR experiences from academia, industry, and research laboratories. Demonstrations should highlight innovative and engaging work in Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality, and be compelling to the broad XR community. Accepted demonstrations will be presented in person at the conference during the scheduled Demo Sessions. Submissions may take the form of live interactive demos, laboratory or corporate exhibits, interactive art explorations, or hybrid formats, and may include work presented in papers, posters, or workshops, as well as new, visionary, or emerging projects not previously published. All submissions must include a pre-recorded video, which should, when applicable, feature egocentric (first-person) viewpoints to allow attendees to experience the demonstration from the user’s perspective. Additionally, authors are required to submit a 2-page demonstration description, which will be published in the ISMAR Adjunct Proceedings. Demonstrations will be selected based on their expected general interest, technical and experiential quality, and their potential to inspire and engage the Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality research community. Important Deadlines Submission deadline: July 17 th, 2026 (23:59 AoE) Notification: July 29th, 2026 (23:59 AoE) Camera ready deadline: August 5th, 2026 (23:59 AoE) Submission Guidelines All materials will be submitted electronically through the Precision Conference website at PCS with all the following items: A 100-word abstract to be included in the demo list. A 2-page extended abstract (including references) in PDF format, which describes the demo and the research. This document will be published in the conference adjunct proceedings. A representative image in .png or .jpg format (landscape) to be included in the demo list. A 1-2 minute instructional video link. It is highly recommended to submit this video via a YouTube or Vimeo link. Templates must follow the IEEE Computer Society format at https://tc.computer.org/vgtc/publications/conference Questions? For questions, contact: demonstrations2026@ieeeismar.net ISMAR 2026 Demo Chairs: Georgia Albuquerque Pasquale Cascarano IEEE ISMAR 2026 | Bari, Italy | October 5-9, 2026

=== SOURCE: ismar_call-for-doctoral-consortium.html ===
Attend Code of Conduct Registration DEIA Grant Visual Identity Venue Accommodation Travel & Transportation Visa Information Travel to Bari Getting Around Bari Useful Information Explore Bari & Puglia Visit Bari Visit Puglia Things to Do Gastronomy Contribute Call for Papers Call for Posters Call for Doctoral Consortium Call for Demos Call for Tutorials Call for Student Volunteers Call for Workshops Call for Pitch Your Lab Guidelines Author Guidelines Writing a Good Ismar Paper Reviewing Guidelines Paper Submission FAQ Program Overview Keynote Speakers Papers Posters Panels Workshops Tutorials Demos Doctoral Consortium Future Faculty Forum Women@ISMAR Speed Mentorhip Resources Slide Template Poster Templates Social Media Templates Conference Logo and Illustrations Video Presentation Guidelines Sponsorship Committee Organizing Committee Standardization Committee Steering Committee Past Conferences Call for Doctoral Consortium Last updated: 2026-05-13 8:30AM CET Overview The Doctoral Consortium at ISMAR 2026 is a concentrated event where students present their research interests, plans, and results to a panel of researchers in related fields and receive specific and constructive feedback, including opportunities to meet with mentors one-on-one. Accepted students will be expected to give in-depth presentations of their research and will receive valuable comments from mentors. Additionally, they will also have the opportunity to present a poster or a demo of their work at the respective sessions. Accepted students will have the option to publish their two-page extended abstract in the conference proceedings and to be included in the ISMAR 2026 online program. Abstracts may be archived in the IEEE Xplore digital library. Eligibility and Topics Ideal candidates will be in the early or mid-stage of their PhD and should have a solid idea of their research direction as well as dissertation topic, which may still have room for improvement. The consortium welcomes applicants from a broad range of disciplines including VR, AR, 3D user interfaces, human-computer interaction, wearable computing, social informatics, information technology, cognitive science, and related fields. Important Deadlines Application submission deadline: June 3rd, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Wednesday) Acceptance notification: July 1st, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Wednesday) Attendance confirmation deadline: July 8th, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Wednesday) Final Notification: July 15th, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Wednesday) DC paper camera-ready version: July 24th, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Friday) Consortium meeting: Monday, October 5th, 2026 Submission Guidelines Submissions must follow the IEEE Computer Society VGTC format and include the following two components: Position paper up to two pages in length (including references). The paper must clearly motivate, discuss, and summarize the proposed PhD research, describe how the research fits into and advances research in the field, and report on your progress. You may additionally focus on a more specific area of the research if desired. In the concluding section, you should identify two to three questions or areas for improvement that you would like to discuss during the Doctoral Consortium. Submissions are not anonymous and should include the author’s name, affiliation, and contact information. A one-page Curriculum Vitae. All materials must be submitted electronically via the Precision Conference System (PCS) . Note: Submissions received after the deadline will not be considered. Questions? For any enquiries, please contact the Doctoral Consortium Chairs at dc2026@ieeeismar.net Zhen Bai, University of Rochester Jason Orlosky, Augusta University Francielly Rodrigues, Virginia Tech Ana Stanescu, Graz University of Technology IEEE ISMAR 2026 | Bari, Italy | October 5-9, 2026

=== SOURCE: ismar_call-for-tutorials.html ===
Attend Code of Conduct Registration DEIA Grant Visual Identity Venue Accommodation Travel & Transportation Visa Information Travel to Bari Getting Around Bari Useful Information Explore Bari & Puglia Visit Bari Visit Puglia Things to Do Gastronomy Contribute Call for Papers Call for Posters Call for Doctoral Consortium Call for Demos Call for Tutorials Call for Student Volunteers Call for Workshops Call for Pitch Your Lab Guidelines Author Guidelines Writing a Good Ismar Paper Reviewing Guidelines Paper Submission FAQ Program Overview Keynote Speakers Papers Posters Panels Workshops Tutorials Demos Doctoral Consortium Future Faculty Forum Women@ISMAR Speed Mentorhip Resources Slide Template Poster Templates Social Media Templates Conference Logo and Illustrations Video Presentation Guidelines Sponsorship Committee Organizing Committee Standardization Committee Steering Committee Past Conferences Call for Tutorials Last updated: 2026-04-13 07:00AM CET The IEEE ISMAR 2026 organizing committee invites proposals for tutorials to be held in conjunction with the ISMAR conference. The tutorials will be scheduled on October 5th (Monday) and October 6th (Tuesday) and can be conducted in person, online, or in hybrid mode, in alignment with the ISMAR conference. In line with the overall conference format, we strongly encourage and will prioritize workshop proposals that focus on on-site or hybrid participation. At least one tutorial organizer must be physically present on-site to ensure smooth execution and coordination. The purpose of the tutorials is to expand the knowledge in the fields of Augmented, Mixed, and/or Virtual Reality and to foster the next generation of researchers, developers, and artists. Proposals will be evaluated on their relevance to the conference topics, suitability for presentation in a tutorial format, and the instructors’ qualifications. We will strive for a balance of topics in the tutorial program and also consider the potential for interest and attendance. The scope of the proposals should be consistent with the ISMAR 2026 Topics of Interest. Important Dates Tutorial proposal deadline: May 22nd, 2026 (23:59 AoE, Friday) Tutorial acceptance notification: June 5th, 2026 (Friday) Tutorial calls for participation issued by: June 19th, 2026 (Friday) Format Experts, pioneers, and experienced developers and artists are needed to propose and present tutorials that may target a specific application area, a specific research area, or a topic of general interest for augmented, mixed, and virtual reality. Topics can range from introductory for AR/MR/VR novices to highly technical for researchers. Tutorials can be half-day or full-day, depending on the scope of topics covered and the presenters available. Submission Guidelines for Tutorial Proposals Tutorial submissions can be uploaded here: ISMAR 2026 Tutorial Proposal Submission Please provide a PDF document containing: Title Topics Provide a brief summary of the proposed tutorial. Preferred length Half-day Full-day Preferred date for the tutorial 5th (Monday) 6th (Tuesday) No preference Presentation mode Physically in Bari Hybrid Online Motivation Explain why ISMAR attendees would be interested in attending this tutorial. Explain how increased knowledge of this subject will advance augmented, mixed, or virtual reality. Organizers Names. Affiliations. Research interest. Short bio. Presenters Provide a brief bio of the presenters, a list of several relevant publications on the proposed topic tutorial, and contact information. If you have taught this or a similar tutorial before, where and when was it taught? Target audience Describe what population this tutorial targets (e.g., students, industry professionals, everyone). Expected # of attendees. Outline of tutorial Include the order of topics and approximate time for each topic. For example: Topic A: 1.5 hours Subtopic A1 ... Topic B: 1.5 hours Subtopic B1 A template for tutorial proposals is available (here .docx) , (here .pdf) After sending your proposal to the aforementioned email address, you will receive an acknowledgment of receipt. The committee will review the tutorial proposal, and notifications of acceptance will be sent out after the review period. Organization The rooms allocated for the tutorials will have round tables and chairs, but all technical supporting equipment and materials need to be provided by the tutorial organizers. Room capacity is approximately 35-40 persons. If needed, the tutorial organizers are responsible for setting up an online participation system, as well as managing the online participation. Submission We invite tutorial proposals whose abstracts will be included in the front matter of the conference’s adjunct proceedings. Contact Information If you have any questions about this call, please contact: workshoptutorials2026@ismar.net IEEE ISMAR 2026 | Bari, Italy | October 5-9, 2026