=== SOURCE: mm.html ===
ACM Multimedia 2026 — Welcome Welcome to the 34th ACM International Conference on Multimedia Rio de Janeiro, Brazil — 10–14 November 2026. The premier conference exploring multimedia research and applications. Welcome to ACM Multimedia, the premier international conference dedicated to advancing research and applications across diverse multimedia fields. This conference brings together leading minds from academia and industry to explore cutting-edge developments in areas such as video, haptics, virtual and augmented reality, audio, speech, music, sensor, and social data. With a strong focus on integrating and exchanging information across modalities, ACM Multimedia encourages innovative approaches that have the potential for significant technological breakthroughs and positive real-world impacts. As a community with a rich tradition of leveraging AI and systems research to handle big data and enhance user experiences, we also place a unique emphasis on novel applications and addressing urgent industrial challenges. The conference warmly welcomes new intellectual perspectives and submissions from a wide range of related disciplines, including artificial intelligence, 3D & metaverse, vision and languages, human-computer interaction, and multimedia signal processing. We are particularly excited to see contributions that push the boundaries of multimedia in fields such as healthcare, education, and entertainment. Join us as we explore the future of multimedia innovation through the lens of four major conference themes, and help shape the next generation of groundbreaking multimedia technologies. This year, ACM Multimedia 2026 will be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. At ACM Multimedia 2026, we expect to welcome you all to Rio de Janeiro for an extensive in-person program consisting of technical sessions covering all aspects of the multimedia field via oral, video and poster presentations, tutorials, panels, exhibits, demonstrations, workshops, doctoral symposium, multimedia grand challenge, brave new ideas on shaping the research landscape, and open source software competition. Welcome to Rio. Open Access: Starting January 1, 2026, ACM has fully transitioned to Open Access. Several institutions participate to the ACM Open program, meaning that authors from these institutions do not have to pay article processing charges (APC). There exists also an APC Waivers and Discounts Policy . All the information can be found in ACM's web page . Supporting Institutions News & Updates 12 January, 2026 New Topics: Last December, the Steering Committee of ACM Multimedia voted an updated scientific scope of the conference, please find the updated list of topics of interest and their descriptions . 10 November, 2025 The website is on.

=== SOURCE: mm_header.html ===
Home Calls & Dates Important Dates Topics of Interest Author Instructions Call for Technical Papers Review Process Guidelines Author Advocate Mediation Call for Brave New Ideas Call for Workshops Call for Dataset Papers Call for Demos and Videos Call for Doctoral Symposium Call for Grand Challenges Call for Industrial Expert Talks Call for Interactive Art Call for Open Source Software Call for Reproducibility Papers Call for Tutorials Call for Emerging World Symposium – Latin America Oral Presentation Coaching Programme Keynote Speakers Technical Programme Grand Challenges Workshops Awards Attending Registration Paper Presenters Attendance Guidelines Poster Printing Service Student Travel Awards VISA Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Conference Venue Social Program Visiting Rio Committee Sponsors

=== SOURCE: mm_dates.html ===
ACM Multimedia 2026 Conference — Important Dates Important Dates Key submission and notification deadlines. Main Track Contribution Registration 25-March Contribution Submission 01-April Supplementary Submission 08-April Rebuttal 04-June Author Notification 09-July Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Brave New Ideas Contribution Registration 25-March Contribution Submission 01-April Supplementary Submission 08-April Rebuttal 28-May - 04-June Author Notification 09-July Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Datasets Contribution Registration 25-March Contribution Submission 01-April Supplementary Submission 08-April Rebuttal 04-June Author Notification 09-July Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Workshops Proposal Submission 12-February Proposal Notification 05-March Contribution Submission 16-July Author Notification 06-August Camera-Ready 20-August Author Registration 31-August Grand Challenges Proposal Submission 12-February Proposal Notification 05-March Contribution Submission 28-May Author Notification 16-July Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Tutorials Contribution Submission 23-April Decision 04-June Author Notification 04-June Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Interactive Art Contribution Submission 23-April Author Notification 04-June Camera-Ready 20-August Author Registration 31-August Doctoral Symposium Contribution Submission 23-April 06-May Author Notification 04-June Camera-Ready 20-August Author Registration 31-August Open Source Contribution Submission 28-May 10-June Author Notification 16-July Camera-Ready 06-August Author Registration 31-August Demo and Video Contribution Submission 11-June Author Notification 30-July Camera-Ready 20-August Author Registration 31-August Reproducibility Contribution Submission 23-April Author Notification 30-July Camera-Ready 3-September Author Registration 31-August

=== SOURCE: mm_workshops.html ===
ACM Multimedia 2026 Conference — Call for Workshops Call for Workshops We are now soliciting workshop proposals to be held in conjunction with ACM Multimedia 2026. The purpose of the workshops is to provide focused forums on emerging, interdisciplinary, and specialized topics that may not be fully explored within the main conference program. Workshops are intended to encourage in-depth discussion, foster collaboration, and stimulate new research directions across both technical and application-oriented multimedia domains. Workshop organizers are expected to be fully committed and guarantee physical presence (at least part of them) at the workshop. Diversity in organizing teams (e.g., country, area, field, gender) is strongly encouraged. Workshop proposals will be reviewed by the workshop co-chairs and decisions on acceptance will be taken by the Workshop co-chairs in consultation with the TPC and General co-chairs. Workshop paper submissions, reviews and decisions must be made through OpenReview (mandatory). Therefore, for accepted workshops, the organisers will have to configure an OpenReview venue for their workshop, under the ACM MM 2026 Venue. A support document with guidelines will be shared with workshop organizers, with further details. The ACM MM 2026 organisers will provide details of all workshops to ACM for publishing. All papers accepted in every workshop will be published as workshop proceedings in the ACM Digital Library. We will be facilitating workshops that range from half-day to full-day events. All workshops will be provided with an AV-equipped room. For any additional requirements, please detail them in your proposal. Proposal Format: Workshop proposals should have a maximum of 4 pages + references, and be formatted as PDF using the ACM template . The proposal should address the following aspects: Title of the workshop. Workshop Organizers (name, affiliation, and email). Scope and topics of the workshop. Rationale: Why is the workshop related to ACM Multimedia? Why is the topic timely and important? Why may the workshop attract a significant number of attendees? A brief biography for each Organiser, Panelist, and Keynote Speaker. Workshop details: A draft call for papers (including organizers, program committee, and steering committee if any). Workshop tentative schedule (number of expected papers, number of expected attendees, duration (full / half day), format (talks / posters, etc.)). Names of potential participants and invited speakers (if any). Workshop history (if any), including previous venues, number of participants, and other relevant information. Workshop logistics: Detail any special or additional requirements for the workshop, aside from a room with AV equipment. Important Dates: The key dates for this call are as follows: 12th February 2026 - Deadline for submission of workshop proposals. 5th March 2026 - Notification of acceptance for workshop proposals. Submission: Workshop proposals must be submitted through OpenReview using the official ACM Multimedia 2026 workshop venue. Submissions should follow the workshop proposal guidelines specified in this call and be uploaded as a single PDF document. Detailed instructions will be provided later. ACM MM 2026 Workshop Proposals OpenReview submission link :. Contact: For any questions, please contact the Workshop Chairs: David Semedo, Ichiro Ide, and Lucile Sassatelli at workshops-mm26@acmmm.org .

=== SOURCE: mm_demos.html ===
ACM Multimedia 2026 Conference — Call for Demos and Videos Call for Demo/Videos The ACM Multimedia conference is the premier international forum for research on multimedia and multi-modal content in computer science and engineering. The 2026 ACM Multimedia Conference will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. We invite submissions of Demos and Videos: working systems, interactive applications, prototypes or proofs-of-concept in multimedia research, allowing conference attendees to experience live demonstrations of innovative ideas. Areas of Interest We encourage submissions in all areas related to multimedia, including but not limited to those described in the general call for papers ( https://2026.acmmm.org/site/topics.html ). Examples include: Multimedia content creation, processing, retrieval and understanding Multi-modal analysis and fusion Interactive multimedia systems and user experiences Applications in health, education, entertainment, accessibility, and society Multimedia in XR/AR/VR, mobile/edge devices, web-scale deployments Multimedia analytics, AI/ML for multimedia, ethics, fairness, privacy, sustainability Submission Guidelines Please submit a two-page demo/video paper (excluding references) in the standard ACM format. Also note that Demo/video papers need not be anonymous. No separate abstract submission is required; a full two-page submission should be uploaded by the submission deadline. Each demo/video submission must contain a link to a supplementary material: either a PowerPoint (no more than 10 slides) or a video (no longer than 5 minutes, provide video link if exceeding uploading size limit) that explains: The scientific or engineering concept behind the work The novelty of the work: how it differs from existing systems or techniques The expected impact on the multimedia research community What will be shown during the demo The type of interactivity that will be supported In addition, if you have special on-site configuration needs, you may also submit a one-page PDF describing your demo configuration. On-site Facilities Once accepted, demonstrators and video presenters will be provided with a table, a poster board, a power outlet and (shared) wireless Internet. Demo and video presenters are expected to bring with themselves everything else needed for their demo and video presentations, such as hardware, laptops, sensors, PCs, etc. However, if you have special requests, please contact the demo chairs as early as possible. Submission Please submit via OpenReview by June 11, 2026. Contacts For any questions, please contact the Demo/Video Chairs: demovideo-mm26@acmmm.org Jiaying Liu , Peking University Lizi Liao , Singapore Management University We look forward to your contributions and to seeing you in Rio de Janeiro for ACM Multimedia 2026!